README.md: add `koji untag` to releasever bump SOP (#432)
coreos/fedora-coreos-config: README.md

Release engineering changes:

1. verify that the `f${releasever}-coreos-signing-pending` Koji tag has

>    been created (this should be automatically done on branching)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   been created (this should be already be done by releng on branching)
```

2. update RoboSignatory config so that:
    - [tagged packages are signed with the right key](https://infrastructure.fedoraproject.org/cgit/ansible.git/tree/roles/robosignatory/templates/robosignatory.toml.j2?id=c27f4644d4bc2f7916c9c85dc1c1a9ee9a724cc0#n181)
    - [CoreOS artifacts are signed with the right key](https://infrastructure.fedoraproject.org/cgit/ansible.git/tree/roles/robosignatory/templates/robosignatory.toml.j2?id=c27f4644d4bc2f7916c9c85dc1c1a9ee9a724cc0#n458)
3. `koji untag` N-2 packages from the pool (at some point we'll have GC
   in place to do this for us, but for now we must remember to do this
   manually or otherwise distRepo will fail once the signed packages are

>    GC'ed)

Reviewer: might be good to put the magic command to run here to do the untagging so the next person doesn't have to figure it out.
